Update docs to show how `load` differs from Next.js's getStaticProps (#813)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/03-loading.md

</script>
```

> `load` is similar to Next.js's `getStaticProps` or `getServerSideProps` or Nuxt.js's `asyncData`, except that it runs on both the server and the client.

Reviewer: does `asyncData` only run on the server? I think it runs in both, which would make this sentence confusing. We could either clarify that, or drop the Nuxt mention altogether

```suggestion
`load` is similar to `getStaticProps` or `getServerSideProps` in Next.js, except that it runs on both the server and the client.
```
